So now that we had a closer look at attribute directives and created our own one before creating our
own structural directive.
Let me explain why this star is actually required.
This star indicates to angle that this is a structural directive.
The question is why does it need to know because structural directives with that star actually are just
a nicer way for us to use them basically behind the scenes.
ENGLER will transform them into something else because there is no star in Angra syntax when using Well
directives or when using property binding or anything like that.
There is only property binding event binding to wear binding and string interpellation.
And there is no star operator or something like that.
So behind the scenes angular needs to transform this energy usage into something where we end up with
these tools properly binding and so on.
And it does.
I can write the same list here differently.
So if I try to write as only or block differently I would end up with the following.
I would have Engy template element that is provided by angler as TNG indicates.
And inside this element we have the content we conditionally want to render.
So in this case here we would have a div inside of this and in this day of our list item.
Now you probably see that it's basically the same but that it's wrapped in Engy template.
The reason for this is that Engy template is an element which itself is not rendered but which allows
us to define a template in the end.
For angler to use once it determines that this template some element needs to be rendered because this
condition is true in this case.
So on the Engy template we place NGF and now not we have to start because this is the form to which
it will get transformed due to the star.
But instead of a tool we already know with property binding and here we simply bind Well not only art.
So deconditioned.
So now we're back to the tools we know without the star.
And that's why we have to start because obviously that's the more intuitive syntax to use directly placing
it on the element we want to conditionally render.
But that would be the real content behind the scenes to which it gets transformed.
Now you don't need to use that but I find it super important to be aware of this.
Now therefore if we save this we see de-list twice and we see it disappear and appear twice because
it works exactly the same.
It is exactly the same code behind the scenes Desire's what the star transforms it to